Allow SQL warnings to be reported. (#46690)
rails/rails: guides/source/configuring.md

Controls whether migrations are numbered with serial integers or with timestamps. The default is `true`, to use timestamps, which are preferred if there are multiple developers working on the same application.

#### `config.active_record.db_warnings_action`

Controls the action to be taken when a SQL query produces a warning. The following options are available:

  * `:ignore` - Database warnings wil be ignored. This is the default.

  * `:raise` - Database warnings will be raised as `ActiveRecord::SqlWarning`.

  * `:log` - Database warnings will be logged via `ActiveRecord.logger` at the `:warn` level.

  * Custom proc - A custom proc can be provided. It should accept a `SqlWarning` error object.

    For example:

    ```ruby
    config.active_record.db_warnings_action = ->(warning) do
      # Report to custom exception reporting service
      Bugsnag.notify(warning.message) do |notification|
        notification.add_metadata(:warning_code, warning.code)
        notification.add_metadata(:warning_level, warning.level)
      end
    end
    ```

> This is currently only supported for MySQL adapters and Postgres.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is currently only supported for the MySQL and PostgreSQL adapters.
```

#### `config.active_record.db_warnings_ignore`

Specifies an allowlist of warnings that will be ignored, regardless of the configured `db_warnings_action`.

> The default is `[]`. Warnings to ignore can be specified as Strings or Regexps. For example:

Reviewer: The empty array is an implementation detail. For docs we should say the following:

```suggestion
The default is behavior is to allow all warnings. Warnings to ignore can be specified as Strings or Regexps. For example:
```

  ```ruby
  config.active_record.db_warnings_action = :raise
  # The following warnings will not be raised
  config.active_record.db_warnings_ignore = [
    /Invalid utf8mb4 character string/,
    "An exact warning message",
  ]
  ```

> This is currently only supported for MySQL adapters and Postgres.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is currently only supported for the MySQL and PostgreSQL adapters.
```

Controls whether migrations are numbered with serial integers or with timestamps. The default is `true`, to use timestamps, which are preferred if there are multiple developers working on the same application.

#### `config.active_record.db_warnings_action`

Controls the action to be taken when a SQL query produces a warning. The following options are available:

  * `:ignore` - Database warnings wil be ignored. This is the default.

  * `:raise` - Database warnings will be raised as `ActiveRecord::SqlWarning`.

  * `:log` - Database warnings will be logged via `ActiveRecord.logger` at the `:warn` level.

  * Custom proc - A custom proc can be provided. It should accept a `SqlWarning` error object and an
    `ActiveRecord::DatabaseConfigurations::HashConfig` object.

    For example:

    ```ruby
    config.active_record.db_warnings_action = ->(warning, db_config) do
      # Report to custom exception reporting service
      Bugsnag.notify(warning.message) do |notification|
        notification.add_metadata(:warning_code, warning.code)
        notification.add_metadata(:warning_level, warning.level)

>         notification.add_metadata(:connection_name, db_config.name)

Reviewer: In all other places in Active Record `connection_name` refers to the "class that established the connection". It's the unique key used to find the pool manager. I get that this is just an example but I'm trying to separate the two because it leads to confusion. Can you change this to `db_config_name`? or something like that.

Author: Yes! Thank you for clarifying ❤️
